# Transcript

*Auto-generated from audio.mp3*

 Hello everyone, this is a new episode of the AI Engineering Podcast. Today we have a lot of little news and we will discuss these news. We have released some episodes recently that were more creused about specific issues. We'll come back to news. How about it, Julian, today? Top, thanks. We're going to be on the day today. So, yeah. Retour to normal. Trop bien. Ces dernières semaines, il y a eu pas mal de choses. Il y a toujours pas mal de choses, mais on commence avec une grosse news qui est le deal entre SpaceX et Cursor qui a eu lieu il y a quelques jours où SpaceX a proposé un deal à 60 milliards pour racheter Cursor. Et si jamais le deal ne se fait pas, SpaceX paye une pénalité de 10 milliards. It reminds us a deal that there was a deal that there was on Twitter when Elon Musk bought Twitter. SpaceX and XAI also, no? Yes, SpaceX has fusioned with XAI. A priori Tesla is also a little in the same pattern and the idea of Elon Musk is actually to have the war or to have the best part of the compute to help this future on the AI, so to have data centers, to have data centers in space. And so, he wants to have the monopoly on the compute because he says that the thing that will struggle this future AI driven, it's the compute. So he goes in this direction. Imagine if we had 10 years ago that a company who makes a ship achet a company who makes an IDE. What do you think? And who makes an IDE, but who is not even his IDE at the base. He is a fork of an IDE who is at Microsoft. Exactly and he has a wrapper on other models so he has not no more recently they have their own models but it's based on the fact of using models tierces I think Elon Musk has a dent and it's that's what it's that's that's that's that's when you look at his way of tweeter in ver Anthropik and open AI and particularly open AI and Sam Atman in this moment there there there there there there there there there there there there there open ai et le fait qu'open ai est passé de non profit à profit quoi et donc il a une dent contre eux et il veut être dans la course avec x ai avec les modèles et je pense que le rachat de cursors c enfin de leur point de vue c quelque chose de bien quoi mais apr un probl strat apr je sais pas j pas trop suivi la qualit des mod grog par rapport aux autres j jamais jamais vraiment utilisé ces modèles quand tu regardes les benchmarks c'est toujours bien passé mais personne ne utilise donc la question c'est pourquoi personne les utilise j'avoue je sais pas la seule fois que j'ai vu utiliser c'est dans x enfin dans twitter directement où les gens et demande à rebase quand explain me. C'est une dinguerie ça. D'ailleurs, des fois, c'est assez cool parce qu'il y a un tweet que je ne comprends pas. Après, quelqu'un qui dit explain me et puis il te redonne le contexte. Je trouve que c'est pour le coup, c'est une bonne feature, je trouve. Et puis du coup, c'est caché dans les commentaires derrière la réponse. Donc, ça ne te pollue pas non plus ton strain. C'est vrai, c'est vrai. Moi, je pense que un curseur, d'ailleurs, là, les chiffres, c'est curseur à la dernière valorisation, c'était 9 milliards, quoi. Donc, 60 milliards, c'est quand même a good multiplicator. And I think there are plenty of things that are a little ironic, that Cursor, their own model, that it was Composer, well, mainly Composer, it was a key in the base. So there's no property on the part of the base of the model. There's a property on the reinforcement learning. And Cursor, who is very strong, that not SpaceX, it's the data, it's the usage. To make it a code base, récupère de l'usage récupère toute la partie reinforcement learning pour améliorer les modèles sur la partie coding parce que pour le moment ça le mouvement c'est genre de prendre leur modèle groc et puis des fans utiliser le savoir faire et des données d'usage de cursors pour finit tuer leur modèle pour faire du coding mais après le truc c'est que un des avantages moi je trouve de cursors par rapport à cloud code par exemple c'est que cursors et agnostique tu peux l'utiliser avec n'importe quel modèle la question c'est est ce que dans ce deal ça le restera quoi ouais ouais a question that's posed but the jump the value of the value of the value of the value of it's a fool I think even not at all rationnel 1 x 6 in one year or even when they are going to be released recently they are valued at 30 milliards in November so x 2 in six months so it's x 2 in six months and x 10 x 6 in one year and so at that time there is the process between Elon Musk and OpenAI. So in general, the idea of the process, it's Elon Musk who has put the process to OpenAI because they have still a charity And the idea is that OpenAI has been founded as a non as an open source for counterweight Google And then there was a shift for profit which has violated the mission And all the debate is around that. I think it's a bit... It's a bit... It's a bit funny. I saw a tweet from someone who said that if Sal Matman is a court, in the end he will recover much money because in fact he would I will maybe go to the thing but because he would like to bring his actions liquid and so he would recover much money but is it actionnaire of the thing I thought he was not actionnaire but if he perds the process it would be that he becomes and so he récupers plenty of money I think it's a thing that's already this move of base of Penny High is very bizarre to pass from profit to profit it's really a entour loop of a malady and I don't know at all the subject but what he has a to say it seems a bit logical he has financed he has financed the non-profit which is a profit so logically he is not in line with that he has a to have a theme of politics and I don't know if you have seen the deal between Microsoft and OpenAI which was one of the things which made that OpenAI was out of non-profit could be stopped. In fact, they were made of agreement on the fact that Microsoft had no more exclusive to the models OpenAI. So, the models OpenAI will be able to arrive on Vertex and Bedrock. And they reserve the right to stop this deal in the future. D'ailleurs, Bedrock, it's a secret move of Microsoft Show. I see a lot of companies who use it for having access to the models Anthropics. And, in fact, they released a version... Because in fact, the models Anthropics on Bedrock, they turn really on the pc it seems and in fact they are in trying to get a new version where it turns in the infrastructure of anthropic because you can access directly via amazon models that turn into the infrastructure anthropic via top of the pc that's it not just not or or to be pc so they will be the version via aws but in the phraser tropic but it's the same thing on vertex because you can also have an tropic on vertex and you can also have an tropic Azure. In gros, Anthropic is everywhere. But all the time it turns out in your VPC, I believe, if I say not to be a bêtise. But it's Anthropic who manages the thing in the data centers of cloud providers if I say not to be a b Because in fact I had had a problem and I contacted the support like AWS and Azure and the two said that they didn know too it Anthropy who manages the stuff so it going to ask Anthropy Okay. That's why they make the version, I think, or infra VPC, because I think it's going to limit the deployment. You can't have all the features, etc. And in talking about Anthropy, Google invests, which invests, 40 million dollars in tropic 10 up front et 30 milliards en plus en fonction des des milestones et avec dans le deal un accès aux tp google qu'ils ont déjà non ils ont pas déjà entraîné leurs derniers modèles sur tp c'est possible sont c'était dans l'interview de jensen je pense tu l'as vu j'ai vu de l'avers mais qui était assez folle l'interview oublur est très très bon et la réaction de jensen est super interesting. You can see that they lose, with the TPU, there are a lot of models that are trained directly on the right now, and you can see that they lose a little their mode, and the system response to all the attacks, it was the ecosystem that they built around Nvidia. It is not necessarily pure features, pure performance, not necessarily Cortex, but really all the ecosystem CUDA, etc. that they created. So for them, the ecosystem, it's the fact that CUDA is impossible to install, it's the good thing? it's the horror but in fact they have it's really the leaders for the soft which is on the chip and I don't know, I don't know, but all the models open source which are released the week last the QN and then DeepSync also their last model which is 1.6 trillion and then there are punch des malades et des perves de malade et ça je pense à un sacré move par contre c'est les modèles énorme donc pour les s'est fausse tc c'est compliqué mais voilà c'est un modèle qui est qui est en compétition directe avec les opus et les gpt 55 du coup on est là et ça je trouve ça c'est très très intéressant donc ouais je crois le dernier c'est 3.5 dans 3.6 je peux perdre du It's 36. Yeah, and that's a thing I'm going to see, I'm going to see seriously all these open source. I think that's in the table that we have, but Anthropik, which begins to limit a lot of use of Max Plan, combined with, I use a lot of, the Pairness, so I can't use Max Plan with that. And so, I'm going to see

 more and more these models open source and the performance I think it's not quite a rattrapé. I think it's something to look for the next week. Yeah, it would be a session just model open source and that we play a bit with and that we test genre the Gemma, the Deep Cycles, Equen etc and that we test on features similar what is an output. Just, it's just a share picking but just for the fun I think it's It's a good idea. If someone, by the way, is an expert in this domain, he wants to do demos and to do a little press, you don't hesitate to contact us. Yeah, it's great. Just on this thing, Anthropik, which is going to limit it, it's not going to be bad. There were plenty of things, plenty of allers and of return, but it was a week, Cloud Code was not listed as a function of Cloud Pro, so when you paid 20 dollars, you have no access to Cloud Code, it was going to pay 100 dollars. An official of Anthropic has responded that we are in a way to do an AB test on 2% of the population to see if people would accept to buy 100$ for having access to CloudCode. So in gros, it was a look at that. The site web at this moment was pro, CloudCode was no longer included. It was paid for max 5$. It's just a move of... It's a move of... It's a move of to close the ecosystem and to see that there are a lot of things which are not rentable on the abonnement of the ball. Exactly. And in fact, there are a lot of things which are not rentable. And in addition, you have the open source who use these models frontiers to train their own models. And so, if you... It's strange that if you subvention your max plan or your plan, in fact, you subvention the training of the open source on your models directly. it's a very ironic and we can catch really quickly so it's like that the thing is that in this moment there are many CTO of billion dollars companies who quittent their role of CTO to become contributors at Anthropik, well contributors on it's not but it's like MTS who is member of the technical staff and so CTO of Workday, the you.com, Instagram, Box, super dot com adeptes tous ont joint anthropique ces dernières semaines ça c'est assez fou et je pense l cache un peu le mode anthropique c maintenant c d les niches de partout donc je veux faire tu prends les gens qui ont d construit les workflows pour ces niches tu les recrutes et tu leur demande de reconstruire le workflow apr avec des and now it investing in the niche everywhere so if you want to do that you take people who have already built the workflow for these niches you recruit and you ask them to reconstruct the workflow after with vertical and the first example of that is cloud design exactly which is released last week and in general it's a figma powered by cloud I don't know if you have the x the tool that you can open I don't know I'm not I'm not I'm not I'm not I will take you to the main. I will take you to the main thing. Yeah, you can do it. Claire has tested it and he does things with it. I have no need to do it. Okay, I can do it. All right, I can do it. All right, I can do it. I can do it on the screen. I can do it on the screen. I can do it on the screen. Yeah, I can do it on the screen. Okay, perfect. Okay. Well, I have opened Cloud Design. Just to show you the principles of the tool. I think that it can be replicated for any of the tools. I think it's in line with these CTOs who have moved to Anthropix, which I think will make exactly the same type of X or tool for any niche. And in fact, when you go to an standard interface with a bit of onboarding, and then if you open a project after, it's pretty simple, you have a chat on the left and a workmate on the right. And then, in general, you ask to generate things, you do an interview at the beginning, and then you generate an artifact, an artifact of design, you can have variations, etc. You can even edit your stuff. You can change the last mile. You can't replace things, I think. But in fact, everything comes back to the comments that you put in your chat. You can also make comments. And then it goes directly to your chat. So in general, it's really an app where you have a chat on the left, an artifact on the right. And I think that works very well for design. And I think that works for many other things. So you can have a calendar to right, you can have a Google Docs to right, you can have a Kanban, you can have a Gantt, you can have a project management. And in general, I think that this setup that they have done, I think they have been replicated for plenty of other things. I think it's a good analysis to say, it's funny because it's just a little detail, but for many tools that take into the AI, the chat is to right. which is what you do first you have your product and we added the chat in the right and there it is the philosophy inverse and then you start by a chat which produces something and it rather the output of the chat that you see at your right I think it a little detail but it a thing that a thing that a good thing but in fact there is revolutionary it that it that it allows to make out of boarding the food it to say that in gros it arrives there nothing you do it and you ask start with your context it's a calendar to make a miniature for youtube and in gross ah yeah that's a good idea and in gross you see it's a tool and it's a form on demand and so you coup ça permet vraiment de plutôt d'avoir un écran qui est complexe avec plein de boutons partout tu as juste un chat tu peux une question et ils tombent board sur le produit comme ça ça je crois c'est vrai c'est trop bien quoi c'est malin et ça je trouve c'est le futur de ses futurs de ses fautes d'un futur de l'app quoi après bon honnêtement la route il est bien mais il est pas fou non plus sans que c'est le début mais voilà le but c'est pas forcément de montrer l'outil but to show the philosophy of the area yeah in fact I heard here a video of a youtuber français called basti 8 who is a youtube design and so he is a a review and he gave his analysis analysis of the thing and in fact what he said it is cool but in fact the problem is that everyone will be able to meet with cloud design all the designs will be ressembled and so there will be more than too much of creativity in In gros, what they critiquaient, it's all the taglines that generates Cloud Design. It's often text with a little bit of Italian in-dessous, with another color, or something like you were there in highlighted. You go to the same thing. And at the end, it's clean. But you want to mark your competitors, mark your competitors. In fact, yes and no. Yes, if you take the bare metal Cloud Code, but if you take the skills in more, it makes a difference in Malade. And in fact, you can look at the skills impeccable. yeah I have seen design it works well I use it for all my things it works really well and and so I think that customization will come via the skills and typically experts design who have their own style and they will be able to find their skills and you can buy skills with designers for which you like well you like the style and injecting directly into your workflow it's more the interface that is like that yeah it's good it's a project on which I work on a view before upskill.ai the idea is to have a platform of vending skills for creators or in grossly typical I would like to sell my skills data platform engineering a bit of a replica in fact it is for n'importe who even I thought it was even the fitness coach genre every fitness coach a a bit of his mindset and then you can buy a skill and so it will allow you to product which is already the first mile of customization and after if you really want the last mile of customization there you can do consulting and how do you see the problem of skills is that the skills is a text file you can easily you can easily share it easily leak ailleurs it's a chance I think well after you have a platform that already turns like you take gumroad for example you you are right you are right you are right you are right you are right you are right you are right you are right you are right you are right and just for this one about cloud design the other thing that we have already talked about in the past but it is in the app to start up to YC so the app to start up to YC is YC which every start of new batches met plenty of themes where they think that it is important so there there are plenty I think there are a 20th theme or 15th theme or each partner met son thème et explique j'aimerais bien qu'il y ait des startups sur ce thème-là qui postulent à YC et si vous postuez sur ce thème-là, vous avez plus de chances d'être pris parce que c'est les thèmes qu'on cherche. Le tout premier, c'est ça, c'est AI for low pesticide agriculture et je trouvais que c'était intéressant. C'est genre en mode, on utilise des chemicals qui sont bad. L'AI, ça peut permettre d'identifier les problèmes en temps réel et réduire les pesticides. Et un des call for startup et je reviens ici, which is the dynamic software interface. So to make that before, each piece of software had the same interface. Now, the coding engines are pretty good to let users be their own forward deploy engineers. So users can personalize themselves their interface. And so, the software companies will share the primitives and then users will radically, to be radical, customizing their final product. Yes, 100% linear. and I think that cloud design is the example of that perfect. But why do you say that? Why do you say that cloud design is the perfect because cloud design is an tool of design, you know, mainly. I'm going to say primitive. I don't have any more this part dynamic, but it's quite easy. But with the primitive, they have put in place a chat, an artifact, and then in fact, you can imagine the code that generates a function of the fly on the the design. It's ready for having, the interface is ready for supporting this type of setup. Yes. And there, just this tweet, it was cited by someone who made a demo of this thing and so there is this thing dynamic software, so it's Worker Native Session Refronted

 plugins alors j'avoue que j'ai rien compris au type au truc du mec donc je vais pas m'enventurer là dedans parce que voilà ça ressemble à rien trop le truc mais bon il ya quelqu'un qui a fait une des fous de l'ex-offre interface il ya gpt55 qui est sorti bon je suis pas si on a moi j'ai pas eu le temps est ce que je l'utilisais non je suis sur opus 47 max aïe en ce moment j'ai pas trop fait de gpt55 j'utilise bah moi j'ai été naturellement pris le dernier à chaque fois ce que c'est mieux is it is it is less good I don't know but they work they work and then there is it that is that it was released there a few days maybe not for that I think we will have a day we will face another episode on the benchmarks we explain how they are built how they are biaisées and how to interpret it because honestly the gains quality I don't know for you but I don't see I don't necessarily in my quotidien quoi en fait je pense que le truc qu'on voit qui est différent le je pense que le vrai changement qui a eu ça va en effet pour des tâches enfin pour une même tâche de neige l'impression que entre maintenant il ya un an ça change absolument rien par genre je pense que je peux faire les mêmes choses sur genre une tâche ou genre une écriture de code en revanche là où ils ont vachement changé c'est sûr et c'est le truc qu'on voit partout c'est sur leur durée de running quoi un genre aujourd'hui tu es capable de leur dire j'ai ce problème là tourne un t-il fixe tu vois and that's a bit the thing that is hallucinating it's like he is capable of turning until fixed and I don't know if it's a meme on internet but today the agent you tell him that he turns until fixed even if he doesn't arrive you put him in a Docker potentially he doesn't have the right he will find a solution to get out of Docker to get admin on your machine to give him the right it's a bit like that the caricature now it's that they have trained an agent who if you give them an objective they will do everything for this objective there, to even try to escape the thing in which they are, to make the bad things. This is a problem for generating code. When you have an objective and you don't give a good framing, it will take short cut to the end to realize his objective. Exactly. It will take a lot of things that you don't want to do. Supprimer the code, just like that, things like that. And that's a bit the challenge, too, to be able to gérer it. What is the thing is, is that, between doing software, it's a one or two years when you had problems, what you said was that you had a lot of console logs and you debugged very much, you know, little to little things And so it still when I don know when I not going to solve it and when I not going to solve it I not going to solve it And as long as you ask the agent to debug your problem they turn all your console logs It's infernal. I don't know if it's going to happen, but you put all your console logs for a little bit to debug, you tell the agent, it's good, I'm going to avance on this thing, the thing, he's going to go, he's going to go, why there's console logs, it's not going to work. It's anti-pattern. It's too weird. Another thing that was released in a few days, I don't know if you remember, and if you remember, we had talked about this vending machine bench which had been done by Anthropik with a company called Andon Labs, which gave the management of a vending machine to models. And Cloud Opus was the model that worked well on it. So they started at a certain time, and 360 days later, Opus is the model that made the most Opus 4.7, the best model for generating money. Opus 4.7, the best model for generating money. They have put a new benchmark, a new experience of thinking, which is called Project Deal. The idea of Project Deal, it's to make a marketplace to the Craigslist, where you can, as an individual, purchase objects on a brocante. In general, what they wanted to do, is that every human can have an agent who negotiate for him on the marketplace. And so in real, he explains here, he says, for one week, we have created a classified marketplace for our employees at San Francisco like Craiglist, but with a twist. All the deals do not be made by models who are like our employees. Well, who act like our employee behalf. And so, they have given each 100 dollars to spend. The employees can say, I'm going to sell it on the platform. And then, the agents negotiate, achate, etc. Yeah, it's not interesting. I already did it for Amazon. When you went to search for the internet, it worked very well. You asked to go to an agent to go to see the products that correspond to your needs. And I think that in plus, if you're still an agent, it would be quite interesting to see. And well, the conclusion, they have developed an app. Sorry. They have developed an app and in fact, their conclusion, Opus 4.5 is more intelligent that Haiku. In general, what they say at the end is that when it's Haiku who sells things, they sell things much less than when it Opus And for example for this bike which is the same a priori even bike even buyer even seller but buyer men seller but a cool he l vendu pour 38 dollars alors qu l vendu pour 65 but why same buyer and same seller I think that's in fact what they have done in the experience in gros they have 4 channels slack and in the channel slack in gros they explain that they run the experience in 4 channels slack and in each channel slack there is a different model so in gros there are two with opus one with a coups to a genre la c'est opus only opus et a coup au plus et a coup au plus on y est en gros il renne quand il ya des achats les conversations elle gère elles sont gérées en parallèle afin ils font une conclusion castip en live d'avoir entendu l'air d'autobrit de fond puis moi j'ai eu un vieux bruit de sonnerie qui est un bonnet la minute il ya du bricolage dans l'open space but maybe we can get there or not no no no we can finish we can finish and so and then and then well and then the article is pretty interesting and so at the end what they say honestly one of the conclusions is Opus is a better capital than iCook globalement and how you explain is it is it they give you an explication well I don't I'm not sure of having an explanation of why okay it's interesting and we're going to attend I think I'm convinced that for all the recruitment as probable as well as the rule of the world it's a little bit of a then for finishing perhaps we can pass the last thing there was this thing that was interesting there are people who have trained a model model on all the data of humanity before 1930 and to look at a little if it was able to predict wars and different things geopolitics and I don't know what I saw I haven't read this article but I saw someone who parlait de ce article qui disait ils ont réussi à faire coder ce modèle là en python genre en gros le truc était capable de coder en python voilà en gros ils ont réussi à faire écrire des programmes en python à ce truc là qui entraînait sur de la donnée près 1930 mais avec la avec des sortes de ce qui n'en j'imagine non je pense d'avoir un peu de guidance voilà ils ont donné few de démonstration example of python programme des corrects new programme mais ça ça veut dire je pense que parce que which is interesting to say that the way to train I think it is clearly overkill there are a lot of data that is done and I think I'm not sure they do they have to know the chiffres but the percentage of data is useful to models by the core training and to be quite limited and I think it a good example of that so there is that and then I think that the last subject we can talk about the article that you wrote of Mark Dunn Team the 10x data team Mark Dunn Team Yeah, it's an article that has quite resonated the week last week. I was really surprised. The idea was to describe the vision for the data team in the future. How they will be positioned internally instead of building code which generates dashboards, which are consumed. I think the role will change. plus écrire des guidelines pour les agents qui crient le code et des guidelines pour que les agents des utilisateurs viennent chercher des données et les combine un peu pour pour générer les insights pour l'utilisateur ce qui renverse un peu tous les rôles donc l'ingénieur devient plus plateforme architecte et l'analyste il va devenir plus research analyst justement on va faire des analyses beaucoup plus poussé et du coup j'étais surpris alors je sais pas comment est-ce que ça all are perceived to be perceived. So it was people saying no, it's not, web coding it works, we don't want to do it, etc. And in fact it was a lot of the inverse. The people were plutôt accrochés with the vision and I think that it's interesting. It's a very interesting thing that it begins to be a bit acceptable by the industry, like a bit of the standard of producing, well, of producing, simply. And so I think that I was published the same article it's six months, it's not been received from the same way. I'm persuadable. I think that the people are significantly used to everything in markdown in this moment and to have the control through the markdown and so I think that in a way the skills have been taken we talked about it with people it's hallucinating the number of skills they do literally the same thing and they love to have a lot of skills to do a lot of things whereas the information could be really more compact on revient to the talk of Pi you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, Mario, that in gros, the people adore having a skill, a lot of things that give the impression of having a lot of things. Yeah, especially that it pollutes on your context of fous. You put it in a skill. I think that would be good. The way to solve that is to have skills that are loaded in different projects. You don't have skills globally all the time, you just put your skills necessary for each project. And you're a little bit. You've seen it? I saw it in the videos of the AI Engineering Europe. So it's called Agent Craft. It's like a card to the World of Warcraft or Age of Empires. Where you have a peon and the peon,

 agent spécifique et du coup on clique sur un péon tu peux le prompt et et ensuite il va aller faire sa tâche et tu as les bâtiments ça correspond à un bâtiment qui correspond aux skills un bâtiment qui correspond mcp et tu peux et en gros tu gères juste ta ton software development comme si tu gérais un rts quoi et en effet c'est vrai que mentionne ça que le fait de développer maintenant ça revient un peu comme un jeu vidéo et c'est un peu clairement ça parce que tu as cette part non determinists who makes a little bit of a thing exactly okay if you come no I've been to the same I've been to the thing is very drôle it's that in fact this thing it's not it's connected to all the agents who are on the machine so if you have an agent cloud code an agent cursor they connect to these agents and so in fact it's like if you use these agents behind it's brilliant but yeah I will test it's 4 on could make a video there-dessus for the benchmark on prend la video des benchmark c'est parfait trop bien on va s'arrêter là je pense merci trop bien petit épisode data news passe une bonne semaine Julien et salut tout le monde à la prochaine