# Transcript

*Auto-generated from audio.mp3*

Hi everyone, new episode of the AI Engineering Podcast, we are both with Julien, last week we did an episode with Hussein from XORC, what did you think? It was super interesting, first of all, doing it in English was cool, we had feedback from a lot of people I knew who were happy to listen to us in English. I think it's something to repeat and to have a guest, I think it adds a dimension, not necessarily on the news, but on his focus, he's building an application so he has a lot of interest, so I think it's pretty cool. I already knew him Hussein, but I don't know if you liked the exchange, what do you think? Yeah, it was really interesting, and since we did it twice, we had two discussions with him for an hour, because we had a sound problem with the first version, so it was really cool, we have to reproduce that in English with other people. Today is going to be an episode of news, so what do we have? The first thing is Composer 2, if you followed the drama, PureSort released Composer 2, they just said, we made Composer 2, blah, blah, blah. And people playing a little bit, they realized that the embedder and the way it responded, it looked very strange to Kimi 4.2.5, except that in the license of Kimi 4.2.5, it says if you are a company that makes more than 10 million in revenue or something like that, you must absolutely mention that you use Kimi 4.2.5 for your model. And PureSort didn't do that, so they took a backslash. So they defended themselves by saying, we use Firefly, I think, Firefly AI, and so we have the Firefly license, and it's Firefly that has to mention that, but not us because it's a subcontractor, and we only used Kimi for 25% of the training, etc., and that's it, I don't know what you thought about it. What I understood is that they had just done the post-training on it, because it's 25%, what is 25% exactly? I don't know, I read somewhere, basically, I think they started using Kimi 4.2.5 at the very beginning, and then they went on their own thing. Ah, ok, ok. What I understood is that they had just taken Kimi, they had just fine-tuned a little bit on some code examples, and that's it, they launched the thing. Well, I don't think so. So a little slower than that. They still diverged. And the thing that's pretty crazy, well, I tested it a little bit on Composer 2, it's cool because it's fast and everything. What's interesting is that when they released the benchmark on the internal benchmark, they said that their Composer 2 was at the level of Opus 4.6, 7 times cheaper. I tested it a little bit on the last day. Frankly, what's impressive is that it goes fast, they have a Composer 2 that's fast, that goes really fast, and that's really nice to have. And on some tasks, basically, I did tests where I put several models in parallel, I put Composer 2, Opus 4.6, and it happened several times that the two literally came to the same conclusion, including Composer 2, which went ten times faster than Opus 4.6, I say ten times faster, but you could see the difference significantly. After that, I think that the speed, I don't know if it's really a criterion, I prefer to have something that's a little slower, but that works better than something fast and that works a little less well. It depends, I think it depends on what stage you are in the process. But yeah, in general, you want something that works, but at times you just want to correct something quickly, you're too lazy to open the file, you want it to go fast, you don't want it to go back to square one. Okay, on the small edits, I agree, but then on most tasks, we lose so much at a higher and higher level that in the end you just want to have the right answer. And then, as we said earlier, you can parallelize anyway, and it takes you five... Basically, my point is that you put something that works than something that is fast, but if it's fast and it works, it's great. It reminds me of that, Cursor came out with a new way of doing grep called instant grep. What they say is that on thousands of files, they made a comparison where rip grep takes 16 seconds and their instant grep takes 13 milliseconds. That's also a nice thing, on big codebases, it would allow you to find things so much faster. And do they index or how? No, they just wrote new algos, well, it's not new, they re-implemented algos that have been around for a long time from text search. So there's a whole dynamic article, I admit I didn't dig too much, but there's a whole dynamic article where they explain how they changed the algo and everything. Yeah, that's clearly a bottleneck, when you see the number of times they search. But after that, it's going to be optimized over time. Yeah, that's for sure. There's this article you shared with Open Source. Yes, I found it quite funny, at first I thought it was a scam, it was really a joke. And in fact, no, there are really people who sell this type of service, where they basically propose to re-implement open source libraries to break open source restrictions and dependencies. Ah, but it's not a troll, I thought it was a troll at first. I don't know, but I don't think so. I don't know. Because when I saw it, I thought it was a troll, but you're right, maybe it is. Yeah, but I don't think it's a troll. Basically, the idea is that you point to an open source library and the thing recodes your open source library and then it becomes yours. Exactly. Ethically, it raises questions. Ethics and IA, there are a lot of questions. When you see that all the big companies are based on... First of all, they violated copyrights everywhere. There you see Cursor, it also returns to this gray area a little bit. It's not easy to navigate at the ethical level, I think, in this new world. You're right. And I saw a post today, literally the same thing as that. It's a company that wanted to use a tool that was licensed by GPL or something like that. They made it go through LLM, they turned it into MIT license. And the tools that compare the codebases to see which are the reference things to check if there was a copy of the license, things like that. I think it was 1% similarity between the two codebases. Yeah. Do you think about it for now? Is it a risky subject? I think it is. From my point of view, what we do is an agent loop. Well, several things. I think you're more at risk when you're in a black box. Because in a black box, I think it's better to be open source and transparent about the way the context is managed. Especially on the data stuff, like we have. And it's also a position that we want to have, to be open source, than to be in a black box. It's too hard to know. Yeah, it's hard. You don't know because in both cases, you have disadvantages. Open source, we copy you in two seconds. Black box, we don't trust you. Yeah. But I think on the open source thing, there's another thing. In Nao today, there are a lot of libs that we use that are also open source. We are based on the EASDK of Vercel. We use the EASDK chat of Vercel. We use a lot of things that are open source. Then, email inboxes for AI agents. You use that, you told me. Yeah, that's great. I don't want to give access to my mailboxes to my agents. But the strategy to get around that is just to give temporary email addresses to agents for each project. For example, we're looking to go to Italy. I asked Claude Cote to create an email address on it. And to send lots of emails to lots of agroturismo in Italy. And it works great. And then once I'm done, I'll drop the email addresses and move on. But there's just one thing that's problematic. It's that they get weird email addresses names. Like Big... Yeah, exactly. So, in terms of credibility, I think I missed some answers because of that. But I found the idea quite brilliant. It's really oriented for agents. You copy a skill, I think. And then it works right away. So, I think it's a good way to isolate agents to limit risks. You just send them an email address for a project and then it's over. Did you pay or did you stay for free? Free, yeah. Because when you're a developer, you can have custom domains. So, I think you can solve it with that. Yeah, exactly. I think it's good. So, as an inbox owner, you can still see the inboxes of your agents. And take over at times or just see what's going on. I ask the agent to list me the emails. Yeah, you put it in the code. You don't even see it in the UI. No, it doesn't bother me. Yeah, it's interesting. I think it's a good thing. Today or yesterday, there's Claude in Cowork. They announced the computer use on macOS. So, you talk about Cowork and Claude is able to control your computer to make slides, etc. I think it's the next step. They're really adding, taking control of everything and being the remote control of everything you do. Do you think everything will become desktop first? Will all the web apps disappear? Will the browser no longer be as useful as that? And will everything be done via a local app? A desktop app like that? Like Cloud Cowork or something similar? I don't know. In fact, there are so many possibilities. Because you can say, OK, it can be desktop. But what OpenCloud has shown is that there are people who want to have it on their phone. Or in chat mode, just on the phone. And on the phone, you can't go that far. You're not going to do that on your phone, the infernal slides. You don't want to have the output of the slide on your phone. The phone is just a way to communicate with your app running somewhere. Yes. The thing is, if you have the phone, it's more cloud than desktop. You don't control a local PowerPoint. You control Google Sheets or PowerPoint Cloud when you're on your phone. But they launched something where you can make your local cloud communicate with your Telegram. It's Dispatch or Channel. They released two things a week on the other. I don't remember which one. The worker is on your machine. Yes. But you communicate with your app.


So it comes back to local first as well In a way Well it was their way of responding to OpenClose I think Where you basically have everything on your... I mean, OpenClose... Actually, the big trend right now is OpenClose plus computer It's like, everyone has their own computer On this computer, there's your rights, who you are, your context And on top of that, you have an agent who self-teaches, who does things And I think the smart thing about Entropiq is to say Well, Cloud Code is the thing for devs, or a bit more for devs Co-Org is for a more simplified interface And you have these two tools, and these two tools live locally on your machine And you can control them from anywhere And I think it's the right thing to do, and it's smart The collaboration, I don't know how I'm going to deal with the collaboration When you have more people, but then you have... Viz360, you have files, you have PowerPoint, etc. It's all shared, actually Yeah Well, I think on the collab There are questions that arise Because, what happens if you have two people Well, today I think it's not adapted If you take a Google Slide In my opinion, if you have two agents who work at the speed of an agent on the same Google Slide Google Slide doesn't have a versioning system that's adapted to that, I think Yeah, but then, now you have Cloud in your Google Slide directly So you're the one who controls it Yeah, it's more to synchronize with your agent Than really, an agent in synchronization who's going to work on his own Yeah I think they can quickly work on each other The agents, if you put them on the same presentation And you ask them to do things I rediscovered OpenCloud last week Yeah And I understood the thing I had already understood the thing a bit, but I had tried And I don't know, I found it a bit buggy, it didn't work too well And then I did a good setup, really One Channel Slack per project Yeah With Subadjuns per thread, etc. And honestly, it works too well It works too well, and it allows me to test so many things I think it's really too powerful And just to say, we also set up for us Is it an OpenCloud that we have on the Telegram book, or is it something else? Yeah, it's an OpenCloud Yeah, we set up for us an OpenCloud on a Telegram book That allows us to manage all the links that we share and all the news Maybe we should show one of these four If you're interested, tell us in the comments, for those who are listening Yeah, but yeah, so I finally understood the thing I don't know if you use it, for your company But you can put so many topics on the side While having a way to have a view of everything I think it's great to manage a lot of small things at the same time No, I haven't deployed it yet There's someone in the team who tested it Who put it on a server with a GPU With a local model to test And we played a bit with that But then we put it down because What it did, it didn't serve us well It was something that was more of a focus than an interest for the moment I think it's a setup topic You have to find the right way to position it in your workflow Yeah, that's it Then there's this that's interesting It's in December, in Tropik I hear myself echoing sometimes In December, in Tropik, they did a study on 80,000 users And they asked questions in Claude's conversations And they screwed up the results I think it's fun, the way they did it It's close to Nao's stories Graphs with text in the middle that tells the story And it's mainly bar charts that explain all that I don't have much to do, except if you want to go see it, go see it I don't know if you've read it No, I haven't read it at all Then there's this article that I think is mega interesting A lead backend from Manus Manus was a cloud agent That's of Chinese origin And basically, what it says is that after building agents for two years We stopped doing function calling That's what we used And so what it explains is that They've wrapped all the function calls In bash, or not bash, but in Unix-style commands That allow you to execute the functions So you run, you give the name of the command And you let the agent handle it I don't know what you think, if you've tested it, if you've done stuff with it Yeah, I do everything like that now I only expose bash-type interfaces to the agent And then you let them handle it with the tools they know And then the problem is It involves a lot of things First, do you really execute the commands behind it? Or do you handle it differently, with specific tools? For example, do you map ls to a tool that reads files Or that reads records in Postgre Or do you really execute these commands? And if you execute these commands, how do you do it in a protected, isolated environment? Or typically, if you have an application where you have different tenants How do you isolate the tenants? In a tenant, if you have multiple workspaces, how do you isolate the workspaces? These are the questions I ask myself Because the problem is, to isolate an execution You have a lot of sandbox solutions You've tested a lot with Nao, we talked about it last time But they're all super heavy and they require admin rights on your image And so it quickly becomes quite heavy to deploy You can't use passwords directly You can't deploy on, I don't know, Modal, Vercel And so, I don't think there are too many clean solutions There's just Bash from Vercel Which exposes Bash tools directly in Node And then they recoded the interface And it works, but it's limited Why do you say it's limited? I think there aren't all the commands that are implemented Yeah, of course there aren't all the commands But there are a lot of basic commands that are interesting for agent-type loops But of course there isn't everything that exists in Bash But there are a lot of functionalities that are already supported And that's pretty cool, I started testing it in Nao I haven't released it yet But it's pretty cool, you have an exec of Bash commands Which turns into TypeScript commands It's implemented in TypeScript behind And so you can have a list of commands that you only want to authorize If you don't want it to do things in write You can take only the read commands and keep only this one And frankly, it's pretty well done And there's another thing that's great about it You can give it file systems And so you have 3 types of file systems Or 4, I don't remember, yeah 4 types of file systems You have a file system that's just in memory So you give it files, and the files are just in memory when the Bash launches And so it's not a materialized file system You have a file system that's an FS overlay on a real file system So here it's more of a copy-on-write, meaning it reads from the disk And it puts the data in memory So there you go Then you have read-write, so it's bidirectional It's the file system and the Bash commands When you write it, it rewrites on the disk And then you have mountable, so you can Combine all the file systems with the different places And so you can say I have a place where there's the knowledge base and it's only read-only And I have a place where it's read-write Because it's the agency's workspace It's where it's going to write its own memory, its own stuff And these things to keep for the future So you give it these two things, it's managed And it's so cool because Everything is managed by the tool The isolation, etc So you have your pack That's on OneImage, Docker And you can attach a volume that's partitioned By the workspace And then just attach Just sandbox the workspace on which the user works Yes Ok, yeah, that's not bad Yeah, that's so smart And That in Nao, I had already replicated More or less that, but I only had OverlayFS, globally I didn't have the rest, but when I saw that I said to myself, well, do I You know, we're getting to the bit versus blag Do I start on this lib Which isn't that popular They launched it in January and there are libs I don't really know, at Vercel They release libs every week They release a new open source lib or a new idea So I don't really know if the thing Will stay in the long term Or if it's better to re-implement it on my side But the idea is really good And for the execution of Python script, for example, can you do it? No, because There's no implementation If I'm not mistaken, there's no execution implementation Ah yes, there's Python But the problem is that I don't really know What it executes as Runtime behind it. For me, the execution of Python script You have to see You have to mix it with Monty Because with Monty you can I think you can forward a Python command That you would call here That would call a Monty That has the right file system mounted behind In fact, you have to isolate your Python It's like you make a CD, an LS From the Python The Python has to be The same encapsulation Of the Python And then you have all the lib management So you have to add another layer I think On Python, I admit I didn't test I tested the rest, but I didn't test the Python part What I ended up doing Was to isolate BevRap On Fly.io In a micro VM per tenant I mean per workspace It pops a micro VM per workspace And then I isolate with BevRap So this setup you're doing Is it for your personal dev Or is it for apps that you dev? For apps, for agents What I want is to have agents That are able to control everything, frontend That are able to do actions on data With a lot of tools And everything based on files Because everything is done with files now Yeah, very interesting So I think This article is really good On the part How to decompose your CLI Your code functions


in CLI-like. To be honest, I think the truth is between the two, because I think his thing is good and it's clever, but I think it depends on what you want to optimize and the type of agent loop you're preparing. If you want stuff for code, I think it really makes a lot of sense. When you're on stuff a little less... I mean, in a smaller perimeter, potentially just having a few tools, or those tools hit on a mega tool that's above, that replicates a CLI-like, I think that's enough with progressive discovery. The thing is, on Nao, I was wondering to put bash and do the just bash, but is it just to find the context which is something where I just need to grab, to ls, to read a file, so cat or another way of reading, it doesn't matter. Do I need to take a fully-fledged bash and just restrict its commands? Or is it just to call tools that have the same name and hit them in a single tool that has the four things? That's not enough, without necessarily saying it's a bash. It's just a matter of vocabulary that you give to the agent. It's how you make the agent understand that he's not too lost. But if you give him a subset of bash, potentially he'll think it's a real bash, and he'll spend his time writing stuff that he normally knows how to write that doesn't work. So when you're in... At what point is the subset interesting to pass on the bash versus staying on something that has a slightly smaller perimeter so you can't tell him, you can do everything, but you can't do everything? I feel like the answer everyone gives is you don't restrict yourself, you give him a bash, but you just isolate the bash so you're not bothered. Yeah, that's true. Then, well, it's something we've said several times, but I think it's... It's funny because I had discussions this week, and depending on who you're talking to, there are two things. It's either the code was the bottleneck, now it's the PR. So now it's... In fact, all the devs are starting to ship more and more, and so in the end, you end up with a lot more PR than before, and not enough people who want to review, because, in fact, there's too much review of the LM's code, which is way too big, way too many lines of code every day. So that's... There's a small part of the piece that's this one. And there's still the other part of the piece. I was talking to someone who said, well, my problem is rather the bottleneck, it's rather the creation of specs. Like spending my time knowing what I want to do, because in fact, it goes a lot faster to ship it. And so I'm not going fast enough to produce the stuff in advance of what I want to do. Yeah, I think it depends a little on what type of project you're working on. If you're in a Greenfield where you start from scratch, well, logically, your bottleneck is going to be the specs. And when you already have a project that you're trying to improve incrementally, well, that's with the PR, the limitation, I think. But I don't know, I feel like with good QA processes in general, you can still get some of the work done. What I feel... It's probably a bit biased, but I've been doing a lot of Greenfield projects lately. If you have good QA processes that are well in place in general, you can get solid stuff out of it where you don't need to reread all the lines of code. I agree. I think there are a few things that are critical. If I think about Nao, the critical things are, I would say, the evolution of the database schema. Do I want the LM to create three new tables for this new feature? Or shouldn't we make it a little more compact? Is the data model correct? I think that's the thing. And that's honestly difficult. I still want to get my hands on this thing, because the data model is important. And then you have the second part, which is a little more the UI tests. And that, honestly, I haven't had yet. What I was saying is that on Cursor, I still have screenshots of the UI, but it's quite slow. And it's not really videos yet. In fact, it's images, put one after the other, of each click. They find a way to make a video from a few click images. It's not ready yet. The UI is the hardest. I think the LM is the hardest to test. Indeed. Because the LMs are bad at locating themselves on an image. I tried to make a bot to play. And in fact, last year, I sent a screenshot where the white token is located, next to which player, and every time it failed. Well, not every time, but maybe 80% of the success rate. And in fact, they really have a hard time locating themselves on the images. But that's intrinsic to just techno. To be able to locate themselves, they have to make a transcript of the image, most of the time, of what's in the UI, and coordinates. And then they move. Especially when it's images that describe interfaces. In fact, if it was something that is live, where he is able to have the DOM, and he can make DOM selectors, it works really well. It's a bit like browser use. But when it's a screenshot of a browser, it's a lot harder. Yes. It's clear. Not too solid yet. It's too hard to make this UI. I think. It's the most difficult. And that's where you potentially want to spend the least amount of time to review the code, but you want it to respect your design system and that there is still a coherence. And so, in fact, the balance is pretty hard, I think, on the UI review. Then, well, because we come back to our first loves, a little bit of DBT. We haven't talked much about DBT. But it's Tristan Andy who says that Fusion will be GA in about a month. Fusion is... He does the analogy, it's the TypeScript, but for the SQL. And it unblocks a lot of use cases. And frankly, when Fusion came out, I thought it was great on the agent part. It means that, in a static way, you can validate if your SQL is good. It makes a round trip to your warehouse. So, in fact, for the agent loops, analytical, it's great. The only problem with Fusion, it's not fully open source. And so, it's a shame that it's an external provider and that it's not the warehouses that have this possibility. To validate the requests without executing them. Yeah, that we're not endpoints on the warehouses to do that. There are a few explains that allow you to do that, but the explain doesn't send you the syntax. It's not the most friendly thing. Yeah, but I haven't seen any news about DBT in a long time. It's been a while. With SQL Mesh, I thought there were things that were going to come out. But not necessarily. SQL Mesh, I think they really slowed down the dev cadence on SQL Mesh. They took back SQL Glot, but SQL Mesh, I feel like the cadence has slowed down a lot. And on the DBT side, from what I see, they're really working on Fusion. They're really working on their semantic layer. I think that's the most important thing. It's how to enable DBT as a base for agents. And so, Fusion is one, and the semantic layer is a second. I think that's their focus. Okay. Transition, it's a good transition. Open source projects. You have to buy them after having a little bit of traction. Yeah, in the Python ecosystem, there was Astral, which is the box behind UV and RUF, which are two extraordinary tools. By the way, I should do a little poll on my LinkedIn, one of these four. Because I've done a lot of tooling, a lot on Poetry, and I switched to UV a year ago, something like that. Frankly, it's day and night, when you go from a lot of other things, it works, there's no problem with UV. And now, they've been bought by OpenAI. It reminds me of Anthropique's move, which had bought BUN. Frankly, when you look at the reaction on the Internet, it's a rather negative reaction. People have a donation against OpenAI right now. They're like, now we're going to have ads when we install a Python package, when we make UV sync, it's going to make us an ad for OpenAI, or it's going to put AI everywhere. I don't feel like that's what they want to do, but it's interesting to see. I think it's funny, it's always the same pattern. It's always the same pattern. An open-source company does its back, it grows, it grows, it grows, it works, it's bought back. The first message is, don't worry, we're going to keep developing open-source. And then it dies. And then there's the same cycle that repeats itself. It's always the same theme. The thing that really clicked on me is that OpenAI and Anthropique, and you sent me another link, I think, we talked about it. It's OpenAI and Anthropique that become the new cloud of this age. I think it's them who are going to be the AWS, the GCP and the Azure of this age. Because when you have Bund on one side, you're able to work on agent runtime issues quite easily. When you have UV and the team behind Astral, I think you can also do it, because you have the software framework around it. Plus the fact that, I don't remember, there was a news that came out in the leagues of Anthropique that are working on a platform that allows you to quickly deploy your agents at Anthropique. They're basically creating the whole ecosystem so that you just have to do cloud code or co-work, deploy, and then it goes to Anthropique. It becomes the new PaaS. It's a bit like what we discussed earlier. PaaS today don't allow you to deploy agents in such a simple way with the classic dockerization strategies. At some point, they will simply offer it as a service to an agent in the cloud that connects to all your services automatically. It seems to be the logical move for them. It's a little meme. When we were doing ML Ops, we needed to have all these bricks. When we do R&S money, we have the same thing, but we reproduce it with a lot of things that everyone has to redevelop as soon as you work on R&S money. Everything from the system, the tools, the file system, the orchestration, the screenshot browser, the compaction, the memory, the prompts, the streaming, the test results, the logs. When I work on Nao, it's literally what we did in the IDE. It's literally what we did in the open source agent. The more you talk to people, the more everyone is literally doing exactly that. The Git too. Yes, the Git is there. I think the access to Git is the Git. The idea behind it is that you want to have a connection to Git to push things. I don't really know what the Git means. Yes, I don't know either. It's the same thing, but it's interesting. What? No, I was going to say that every time we recreate the same thing...


We create complexity everywhere, so it's the same thing everywhere. It's the trend right now, it's Snowwork, which is a copy of Snowflake, a bit of Cowork. And it's funny, the trend at Snowflake and Databricks is to remake... So there was Snowflake Code, Genie Code, now there's Snowwork replicating Cowork. Soon, I imagine there will be Genie Work. But the Warehouse, frankly, I find that the Warehouse... Well, the Warehouse is always an important thing in the data stacks. I think it will always exist, whether it's the Warehouse or the Lake. That is to say, the place where you store the data, you calculate it and you compute it. But the application layer on top, I think the race has started between Databricks, Snowflake and all the Warehouses. And I don't really know where it's going to end. I reconnected yesterday to Snowflake, for the first time in several months. I didn't turn around. It's become an incredible mess. The number of menus there are, but it's impossible to find each other. I started, I don't know, two or three years ago. It was pretty simple, you had your worksheets, your table list. It was pretty intuitive. And now, you even have two levels of menus on the left. And you don't have the same menus that are displayed on which page you are. And you get lost. It becomes, in fact, your strength to grow, to grow. I don't know, I think the advantage of these platforms, which I thought were super well done, because it was super intuitive, it worked super well, it was too good. It crumbles a bit, probably wanting to become platforms too much, by the way. And you see, the degree of innovation, as you say, it basically copies the most innovative companies now. It hasn't become the most innovative companies in the ecosystem. And that, I think, is a bit of a shift. Because, I don't know what you think, but I don't think, I know Snowflake well. But at one point, Snowflake was also the interface, it was super well done for an engineer. But if tomorrow, the engineer works less and less with an interface, but with agents or whatever, well, their edge is probably a little less strong in this agent world. And I don't know what it's going to give compared to all that. I mean, their advantage was also to have a DevOps or a DBA managed for you. But if tomorrow, you yourself can do a little more DBA or your agents can do a little more DBA, maybe it will also refresh this edge that warehouses had. I don't know, but I think there is a lot of uncertainty about this entire warehouse ecosystem, what it's going to become, with all these workflows that you can do by agents. So, whether it's DBA or even your interface for Data Engineer, which will probably be brought to change. I don't know. I'm pretty aligned. I think what we want in a warehouse is that it stores your data and that it does compute. And I think that's great. And you want, the more we go into this agent world, the more it has to do it efficiently without blowing up your costs. Because in fact, your agents are going to do more and more requests. They're going to spend their time calling the warehouses. And so, you don't want it to increase your bill by 10 or 100 times. Because it's 100 times more requests per day. So, I think warehouses need to adapt to this agent world. And when I say warehouse, I also mean lakes. Snowflake, if you do the hierarchy of the three, BigQuery, Snowflake, Databricks, for me, BigQuery has always been something that was very simple. Like, BigQuery, you put the data, it works, you make a request, you win, and then that's it. I think they're adding more and more things to the UI and it's starting to get a little losing too. Snowflake was pretty simple too. And I agree, the UI has been cluttered. And Databricks has always been very in kit with a lot of products at Databricks. And I think that Snowflake really went on the Databricks side. And Databricks is really going towards simplification towards Snowflake. Like, they're crossing paths in terms of target populations that they're addressing, I think. Where Snowflake was simple, it's getting complicated. Where Databricks was complicated, it's getting simple now with Genie. I have feedback from people who think it's pretty cool. But this application layer, is it going to be eaten up by Cloud and OpenAI because they're too strong? We don't know. When you see the use that everyone is in Cloud Code and you were able to open your Snowflake console, even if you want Snowflake, is it still useful to do that? In fact, you see the model we saw earlier, AgentMail. So basically, you pop an email for a use case. Can't you have it also at the warehouse level? Or you pop a fork from a table, I don't know, or a schema for your agent, for your particular case. And so it's your agent who manages the thing in the background, in a completely isolated way. Yeah, I think it's a bit like what was in this post. You have a table and you want a lot of different branches where you differ from this table. And at the end, when you ask the question, you want to know on each branch what was the most relevant thing. But yeah, that's it. Well, that's it for today. It was a news session with pretty cool stuff. Tell us what you thought about it in the comments. We'll see you next week. We'll have someone to invite, I think. And have a good day. Bye, have a good day, everyone. Thank you, Christophe, it was very interesting. Ciao!
